Bash is a Unix shell and command processor written by Brian Fox for the GNU project. It is free software and acts as a replacement for Bourne Shell. It is an interpreted and not compiled process which can also be run in the terminal window.
This allows users to write commands and cause actions. Bash is capable of reading commands from shell scripts.

CLI means Command language Interpreter. It interacts with the computer program, where the user issues command in the form of text lines. 
It Interacts with the computer terminals also, the interface accepts the text lines and converts them as a command to the operating system. 

Shell is a computer program that acts as an interface between the user and the kernel. 
Users can communicate with the kernel by writing programs, commands, and scripts on the shell. 
It accepts human-readable commands and converts them into kernel-understandable language.

They are five Shells in Linux:
C Shell (csh): It is like C syntax and provides spelling checking and job control.
Korn Shell (ksh): This is a high-level programming language shell.
Z Shell (Zsh): It provides some unique nature like it observes login/logout watching, file name generating, startup files, and closing comments. 
Bourne Again Shell (bash): It is the default to Linux distributions.
Friendly Interactive Shell (Fish): It provides web-based configuration,  auto-suggestions, etc. 


5 main Directory Commands in Linux:

pwd: Displays the path of the present working directory.
Syntax: $ pwd

ls: Lists all the files and directories in the present working directory.
Syntax: $ ls

cd: Used to change the present working directory.
Syntax: $ cd <path to new directory>

mkdir: Creates a new directory
Syntax: $ mkdir <name (and path if required) of new directory>

rmdir: Deletes a directory
Syntax: $ rmdir <name (and path if required) of directory>


## If u don't know what a particular command does -->
whatis : gives information about the command that is passed to it.
Syntax: whatis date

man: gives the manual of a command
Syntax: man date 
    // gives manual of date command 
    // gives - description, example, use cases of the command

date -h : -help command
   // provides options and use cases of the command 

apropos : to looks up all commands in a system that have a particular keyword
    gives - modprobe & modeprobe.d



